Set default input and translation tables according to NVDA's language (#17222)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

  * The initial window can now be exited with `escape` or `alt+f4`. (#10799)
  * It will now show a message to the user, including the error, in the rare event of a Windows error while attempting COM re-registrations.
* In Word and Outlook the result of more font formatting shortcuts is now reported. (#10271, @CyrilleB79)

> * By default, translation and input braille tables will be set to `auto`, that is, according to NVDA's language when a table for the current language is available (#16390, @nvdaes)

Reviewer: Does it also fix #290? A 3-digit issue again!

```suggestion
* By default, translation and input braille tables will be set to `auto`, that is, according to NVDA's language when a table for the current language is available (#16390, #290, @nvdaes)
```

> * By default, translation and input braille tables will be set to `auto`, that is, according to NVDA's language when a table for the current language is available (#16390, #290, @nvdaes)

Reviewer 2: I think this is more clear to users what the change is

```suggestion
* Default input and output braille tables will now be determined based on the NVDA language. (#16390, #290, @nvdaes)
```
